Well let's start with the porta
rings and the first thing we have to
use is a wooden lath
I already made the divisions to put them
the wires of the wires
I'm going to drill to put the irons
and good is a wooden ribbon that
You can find it because I found it
thrown at home
and we need also
the wires fixed I'm going to use
three I'm going to use three I do not have many
canaries then I will not use
many many rings and good for
put them in the holes I will use
a
drill these toy
for
to make the perforations and to
can put the irons and then I'll
use
have
White glue
with the white carpenter and also
I'm going to use
spray paint you can find it in
the Chinese for three euros I think the
varied euros 50
and well it's white you can paint it
all
ok let's start making the
perforations and holes little by little
a fine bit
and let's give it
It is advisable to give it easy
by half the ribbon roughly
and this will then happen in quick camera
well before introducing the irons in
the holes we are going to
with a little bit of cola in a stopper
to wet those who do not know
for we wet the tip
A) Yes
let's introduce 1 1
the expression
that they stay well there
we go
in placed all 3
and others taking form
before painting I'm going to put them
some tips wooden blocks
with some tips
why
because I'm going to put it against the wall
so that I excel a little
so
as you see
and let's put a few small
we put a little tail always tail
plus
let's put the first nail
to hold
against the wall
it will not do much strength
so
and we look at how it is
we let it dry
then we passed him a
we passed him a cloth
and paint it
We spent some time around
remove society without a trace of dust
and we give him a painting
but I spray
for interiors for wood
this is
after painting, I made two
incisions restorations one here another
here
to see if he looks
to which to stick the wall when
the screws
the screws of this one
caliber are online
and well we are going to
screw it to the prisoners
let's hit him with a hammer
and now we are going to
put the screws integrating the wall
good
after screwing it they secured the
work wall already
it's over, it's done, I put the
rings as I told you are few
they will be arriving more
and good he stayed at work if you
liked the video I would like to subscribe
if you want more
and good until the next video